---
title: "Core Ruleset: 920xxx"
---

Rules with the 920xxx prefix protect web applications from protocol based attack vectors. These include things like validating and verifying only known request protocols, validating extensions and HTTP headers.

<details>
<summary id="920120">Rule: `920120`</summary>

Prevent multipart/form-data name evasion attempts. This checks for the existence of meta-characters if post fields and ensures that post data matches rfc2183 specification.

This rule cannot be configured.

**Message:** Attempted multipart/form-data bypass

</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920160`</summary>

Ensure that the content-length header is all digits as per the rfc2616-sec14 specification.

**Message:** `Content-Length HTTP header is not numeric`

</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920170`</summary>

Prevent GET and HEAD requests from receiving request bodies, while the HTTP spec doesn't restrict request bodies for GET requests - application and web servers do not use this feature as a result this means an attacker could use the vector to send bodies to unsuspecting web applications.

**Message:** GET or HEAD Request with Body Content

</details>


<details>
<summary>Rule: `920171`</summary>

A sibling rule to `920170` - this prevents the use of the `Transfer-Encoding` HTTP header with `GET` and `HEAD` requests. The `transfer-encoding` header allows a client to tell the server what encoding is being used when sending a request body.

**Message:** GET or HEAD Request with Transfer-Encoding
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920180`</summary>

Ensure a client that is using HTTP/1 protocols to send `Content-Length` **or** `Transfer-Encoding` headers with `POST` requests.

**Message:** POST without Content-Length or Transfer-Encoding headers
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920181`</summary>

A sibling rule to `920180` - this rule requires that only one header from `Content-Length` and `Transfer-Encoding` is used in the request as per RFC7230 3.3.2.

**Message:** Content-Length and Transfer-Encoding headers present.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920190`</summary>

Validates the `Request-Range` request header. This does a byte comparison of the header value and ensures that if the last byte position is present it is not a value less than the first byte position. This prevents potential memory allocation issues when attempt to locate parts of the HTTP message. This was found in 2011 and is a DOS vector - it could prevent exhaust the web servers memory causing it to crash.

**Message:** Range: Invalid Last Byte Value
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920210`</summary>

The HTTP specification states that the `Connection` header should not have duplicates, most bots and automated request tools don't respect this rule of the specification and make invalid requests and will include `keep-alive keep-alive` or `close close` in the `Connection` header.

**Message:** Multiple/Conflicting Connection Header Data Found

</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920220`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920240`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920250`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920260`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920270`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920280`</summary>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Rule: `920440`</summary>

Restricts accessible file extensions that can be requested from your site. This protects against unintended files from being access from the server.

**Message:** `URL file extension is blocked by policy`

**Configuration:**

```
.asa, .asax, .ascx, .axd, .backup, .bak, .bat, .cdx, .cer, .cfg, .cmd, .com, .config, .conf, .cs, .csproj, .csr, .dat, .db, .dbf, .dll, .dos, .htr, .htw, .ida, .idc, .idq, .inc, .ini, .key, .licx, .lnk, .log, .mdb, .old, .pass, .pdb, .pol, .printer, .pwd, .rdb, .resources, .resx, .sql, .swp, .sys, .vb, .vbs, .vbproj, .vsdisco, .webinfo, .xsd, .xsx,
```

</details>


<details>
<summary>Rule: `920450`</summary>

Restricts which HTTP headers can be sent to your site. More information on this can be found at https://access.redhat.com/security/vulnerabilities/httpoxy.


**Configuration**

```
proxy, lock-token, content-range, if
```

</details>
